Now that you've had a chance to play on the MITRE ATT&CK website.
I'll show you the answer to the exercise for drive-by compromise.
You'll see it up at the top left of the attack matrix.
When you click on "Drive-by Compromise" it takes you into
a lot more information about this type of attack,
including a specific ID,
what type of tactic they will use,
for example, initial access,
to try to gain access to a computer system.
The different types of operating systems such as Windows, Linux,
MacOS, what type of permissions, data sources.
You can also see the multiple ways to deliver the exploit code through a Web browser.
This is a wealth of information on how attacks can occur within your infrastructure.
Use the MITRE ATT&CK matrix to best understand how threats can happen in your area.